Add right-click-invoked tooltips to all fields and buttons. Continue adding them to all newly created fields and buttons.
Scale bar text font for acquired images differs from the preview image font. Use the preview image font for acquired images as well.
GPU usage is still not displayed. It seems like the GPU is not being utilized at all since the app is consuming about 33% of an intel core i7-9700K CPU. I dread to think how bad it's gonna be on lesser machines.
Currently, the CPU/GPU resource consumption tracker only shows the total consumption for each. I want it to show which processes within the app are the greediest. We need to have that list.
Need to implement backlash compensation. The app should allow the user to perform manual backlash compensation for X and Y axes (not an issue for Z). The values need to be sent to the Marlin firmware. The button to call this function should be located in a new Tools tab. It should let the user manually input the values for X and Y backlash compensation, and then apply them to the firmware using the appropriate G-code command. There should also be a button that toggles backlash compensation.
Need to implement simple mapping so that there would be a separate window that would show where the objective is currently located within the available microscope working area. The objective should be shown as a green cross. It should be possible to use this screen for navigation with double-left-clicking on a point, which then would move the field of view to that point.
Add the possibility to create recipies for the parameters in the Camera section. It should be possible to save them in the app and then select in a dropdown menu, and to export/import them as .json files.
In the Camera section, add illumination controls. The device uses Shelly Dimmer 2 devices to control the underlight and overlight LEDs. The app should let the user setup a connection to a Shelly device; the user should provide the app with a device IP so that the app can connect with the Shelly Dimmer 2, and a name that will be displayed in the app. The app should then create the intensity controls (ideally, a slider with a numerical value to the side of it) for the user to be able to adjust the light intensity within a range of values from min to max. This light source control "object" should be persistent, i.e. not disappear after the user exits the app. The number of such "objects" should be five.
When selecting the raster point scan, only the relevant point controls should be active, the rest should be grayed out.
When autofocusing before image acquisition or when using photo stacking, Raster should respect all of the settings in those functions, including whether or not EDF fusion needs to be performed and whether the stack images should be deleted after EDF, leaving only the EDF image.
